This video will walk through some of the common scenarios
undertaken by the cashier or sales associate.
This first scenario will walk through an assisted sale showcasing some
of the clientelling capabilities provided with the point-of-sale application.
Karen has come into our store and is looking to purchase an item from her wish list,
which she has added online earlier.
We can find Karen within the system by scanning her loyalty card,
or searching for her by her name, email address, or phone number.
From here we can see her loyalty card and balance,
recent purchases, product recommendations, and wish lists.
Let’s add a product from her wish list to the sale now.
Within the transaction screen, we can see intelligent
product recommendations, which we can offer to her.
While she is in store, Karen wants to purchase a gift for her friend’s birthday.
For this purchase, she has a specific price range in mind.
To accommodate this, we can browse the appropriate category,
in this case: accessories.
Now we can refine results based on price
to find one that fits her budget.
Here we can see a selection of items that will work for her.
At this point, we have the option to compare multiple product side-by-side
and add the appropriate one to the sale.
Karen has made a decision and is ready to make her purchase.
We take her payment and complete the transaction.
Since one of the items is a gift, Karen requests that we print a gift
receipt to give her friend in case she would like to return it for something else.
A week later, Karen’s friend comes back into the store
and would like to exchange the gloves for something different.
Returns are possible with or without a receipt.
In this case, we can scan the barcode on the gift receipt
and recall the transaction.
From here we can select the item to be returned
and choose a return reason.
Now we can add her preferred item to the sale.
As the item is more expensive, we collect additional payment and tender the sale.
Now let’s look at a different example, which will show some of
the special-order functionality within the point-of-sale application.
Karen comes in to the store and tells us she’s interested in a specific product.
We checked inventory at our store and find that it is out of stock.
However, we see that there are some on order,
which are actually on their way to the store right now.
Karen decides that she can wait for that item,
and so we will place an order now and have her pick up when the item comes in.
When she is in the store, she has selected two additional products.
One of the items is in stock and she will take it with her today.
The other is in stock at a different location,
and she would like to have that item shipped directly to her.
In order to facilitate this, we will need to specify the shipping address,
shipping method, and additional charges.
We can now collect payment and tender the sale.
These are just a few examples of the routine functions
available to cashiers within the point of sale.
We hope you take the time to explore some of the additional capabilities within the trial.
Thank you for watching.